docs/p01-proposal.md, before:

# The Human-Centered Consequences of Climate Change.

### Code Name - ClimateChange1

#### Authors:
Calvin Standaert - calvinst@uw.edu, Ian Paul - ianpaul@uw.edu, Zahra Firoz- zahraf@uw.edu, Thu La- tkl22@uw.edu

#### Affiliation:
INFO-201: Technical Foundations of Informatics - The Information School - University of Washington
#### Date
Autumn 2022
## Abstract
The main question we will be addressing is: ‘_how does climate change affect human health and activity_’. This is an important topic to us because we will experience the effects of climate change more than any generation. We are planning to answer this question by collecting information on climate change and using our skills with R to find meaningful data trends.

#### Keywords:
Climate Change, Human Health, Natural Disasters, Human Activity  
## Introduction
Our group has come together to present harsh data on the impacts that climate change has had and will have in the future on the world as we know it. The leading cause of climate change is human based activities that result in harm to the environment. Some examples of this are the burning of fossil fuels, deforestation, and more. We do so with the hopes that this data and the work that derives from it will cause a deeper understanding of why climate change is such an important topic, offer a basic education on what we can expect if we don’t make necessary changes, and work to knock down some of the false information that circulates the news cycle about climate change.

## Problem Domain

Climate change contributes to a variety of ongoing issues in our economy, ecosystem, and health. Notable topics include increased natural disasters, air pollution, degradation of the environment, and mental health issues. The values we chose to prioritize in this project are human health and environmental impacts.  

The article from Cabral et al (2019) discusses how the increasing sea temperatures from climate change is one of the important factors in biodiversity loss. The text states, “The magnitude of human impacts has been higher in coastal zones compared to offshore areas, with climate change, fishing, and pollution being the most significant pressures”. The article does a good job of noting the consequences of human activities on coastal areas from overfishing to man-made pollution and their expected outcomes. This causes issues of suffocation, organisms being unable to reproduce, harmful algae blooms, and animal habitats being destroyed. Direct stakeholders of climate change's impact on coastal zones are fishermen, water-based organisms, and coastal-based communities. This important topic raises questions on human values, for instance, Is money more valuable than entire ecosystems and species? What is the real cost of human activities in today's world?  

Haines et al (2004) explained that the increase in temperatures means an increase in the occurrence of contracting diseases, noting that the spread of malaria can increase in areas with warmer climates. According to Padhy Et Al (2015), fluctuating climate increases the possibility of droughts and floods, which results in economic hardships for farmers, and can then lead to suicide. An increase in temperature also leads to agricultural and life-sustaining issues such as wildfires and droughts. Notable indirect stakeholders of climate change's increasing temperatures are humans contracting the disease at a higher rate, Agricultural societies and farmers who face loss of crops due to drought and wildfire, and lastly animals who lose habitat and resources because of these conditions.   

Our datasets can be of beneficial use to the public offering the facts and effects of climate change, and hopefully resolving any misinformation. On the other hand, there might be consequences such as misusing data to exaggerate negative financial effects, greenwashing could create problems in areas where there were not any, and lastly, it is in human nature to be selfish and this information can cause a false sense of reassurance if certain powerful groups and countries feel that the possibility of these complications happening to them are low.


## Research Questions:
#### 1. How has human health been impacted as a result of the environmental shifts caused by climate change?

Answering this question is our overall goal. As a group that is focusing on climate change and understanding its impacts, human health is a top priority. After all, being selfish is in human nature, when we explain what we stand to lose in terms of health and well-being we hope this topic will resonate that much more with the audience.

#### 2. Which groups are most affected by the health risks posed by climate change?

A large issue that is often overlooked by people is the fact that climate change's most catastrophic effects impact the most vulnerable populations in the world, most of all less developed countries. It is often the countries that contribute the least to climate change and emit the least fossil fuels that are dealing with its worst impacts, such as health risks.

#### 3. How have the governments of those most affected by climate change health risks responded?

Government reaction and addressing of climate change is something we must take into account. Money is something that everyone understands, and in regard to climate change, this is no different. Preventative and conservative measures rely on funding, from building ocean walls to help with rising sea levels, to working on cars and factories that release fewer emissions, it is important to note how governments are choosing to tackle climate change and the health risks posed.

## The Dataset:
| File Name                                                           | Observation Count | Variable Count |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|----------------|
| 2021_Cities_Climate_Change_Impacts_on_Health_and_Health_Systems.csv | 1217              | 17             |
| 2022_Cities_Climate_Hazards.csv                                     | 3910              | 26             |
| Climate-related_Disasters_Frequency.csv                             | 968               | 52             |
| Environmental_Protection_Expenditures.csv                           | 1523              | 36             |

#### Data Relation to Problem Domain and Research Questions:

Our dataset is composed of data on the human health impacts of climate, climate-related disaster frequency, city climate hazards, and data on governmental expenditures on environmental protection and climate change action. This data is directly related to our problem domain of climate change and human health and will allow us to answer each of our three research questions. Specifically, the data we gathered on the reported effects of climate change on human health, the main climate hazards present in major cities, and our data on the frequency of climate-related disasters will enable us to answer our first research question which is concerned with what the main effects of climate change on human health are. In this case, we will use the frequencies of this data to compute the dominant effects. Next, by comparing the frequency and location of climate hazards, climate-related disasters, climate-related health impacts, and governmental expenditures on environmental protection we will be able to answer our second question on which groups are most affected by climate change health issues by finding the groups most represented across the different data files. Finally, after finding the groups most affected by climate change-related health issues, we will be able to compare the groups with governmental expenditures to determine how the governments of those most affected by climate change have responded to their citizens’ growing health issues.

#### Data Provenance:
Our data was mainly collected by two groups: the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) with help from the ICLEI – Local Governments for Sustainability. The data on climate-related health issues and climate-related health hazards were gathered by the CDP/ICLEI through voluntary response questionnaires sent to cities. The data on climate-related health issues was gathered in 2021, while the data on climate-related health hazards were gathered in 2022. For the CDP/ICLEI, the purpose of gathering such data is to track progress on climate change initiatives, provide a dataset for tracking capital opportunities, and allow cities to gather their own data to aid local decision-making.

The data we gathered on climate-related disaster frequency and governmental environmental protection expenditure history was gathered by the International Monetary Fund as part of their climate change indicators project. The data on climate change-related disasters was gathered through The Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT) and the Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED) at Université Catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain) in Belgium. The data on governmental environmental protection expenditures was gathered by the IMF’s statistics department. The purpose of gathering the data in both cases is to provide a link between climate change considerations and global economics.

Across all of our data, the groups most likely to benefit from the data are investors who can use the data to inform on future investment opportunities. With that being said, the data is also useful for cities and larger governmental organizations to make policy decisions in relation to climate health concerns.

Both the CDP and the IMF are well-known, reputable organizations that appear to be very trustworthy. We obtained the data directly from the CDP and IMF websites, where the data is openly available for download.


#### Data Sources:
This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability (2021). 2021 Cities Climate Change Impacts on Health and Health Systems. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2021-Cities-Climate-Change-Impacts-on-Health-and-H/ixst-39vn

This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability (2022). 2022 Cities Climate Hazards. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2022-Cities-Climate-Hazards/rdq4-d52n

The Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT), Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED) / Université Catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain), IMF (2021). Climate-related Disasters Frequency. A frequency count of various climate-related disasters in world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/b13b69ee0dde43a99c811f592af4e821_0/about

International Monetary Fund, Statistics Department (2021). Environmental Protection Expenditures. A distribution detailing the environmental protection actions undertaken by world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/d22a6decd9b147fd9040f793082b219b_0/about

## Expected Limitations
One of the most important outcomes that we hope to achieve from this project is to gain traction and spread information through hard facts about the need for immediate action with regard to climate change. A few of the envisioning cards that stood out to us while doing this research were 1; think of children, think of your future child or any kid, and what kind of planet you want them to grow up on. 2; Generational ripple, if we are selfish, who are we to teach the next generation not to be?  

Technologists and designers alongside climate change activists need to work together to produce while slowing down carbon emissions and greenhouse gasses, things like hybrid cars and greener energy are the future! Furthermore, policymakers should take this data into consideration when making decisions and laws regarding the future of their countries. What do we want to allow and what is a reasonable exchange, this is in regard to issues such as climate tax and banning the use of fuel-based cars.


## Limitations
The most pressing limitations we will likely encounter in our work and need to address are limitations with how accurate our conclusions can be due to the nature of some of the data and limitations with how much we can extrapolate our findings to reality. With the first limitation, we expect to make reasonably strong conclusions from our data analysis, but there is a major issue of whether or not the data we make that analysis on is complete. We suspect the data might be incomplete and not fully represent reality due to the hard-to-record nature of climate change health impacts, along with the relative imprecision of the data on the group effects of climate change health impacts. Thus, when we finally do our analysis, there is a chance that we will unable to fully capture which effects of climate change on health are predominant, and which groups are most affected by climate-related health issues.

## References:
Cabral, H., Fonseca, V., Sousa, T., & Costa Leal, M. (2019, July 31). Synergistic effects of
climate change and marine pollution: An overlooked interaction in coastal and estuarine areas. MDPI. https://www.mdpi.com/1660-4601/16/15/2737/htm  

Haines, A., & Patz, J. A. (2004, January 7). Health Effects of Climate Change. JAMA.
https://jamanetwork-com.offcampus.lib.washington.edu/journals/jama/fullarticle/197911  

Padhy, S., Sarkar, S., Panigrahi, M., & Paul, S. (2015, April). Mental health effects of climate
change. Indian Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine (Vol. 19, Issue 1). https://go-gale-com.offcampus.lib.washington.edu/ps/i.do?p=HWRC&u=wash_main&id=GALE%7CA414370692&v=2.1&it=r  

Rocque, R. J., Beaudoin, C., Ndjaboue, R., Cameron, L., Poirier-Bergeron, L., Poulin-Rheault,
R.-A., Fallon, C., Tricco, A. C., & Witteman, H. O. (2021, June 1). Health effects of climate change: An overview of Systematic Reviews. BMJ Open. Retrieved from https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/11/6/e046333

**Data References:**  
This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability (2021). 2021 Cities Climate Change Impacts on Health and Health Systems. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2021-Cities-Climate-Change-Impacts-on-Health-and-H/ixst-39vn

This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability (2022). 2022 Cities Climate Hazards. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2022-Cities-Climate-Hazards/rdq4-d52n

The Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT), Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED) / Université Catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain), IMF (2021). Climate-related Disasters Frequency. A frequency count of various climate-related disasters in world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/b13b69ee0dde43a99c811f592af4e821_0/about

International Monetary Fund, Statistics Department (2021). Environmental Protection Expenditures. A distribution detailing the environmental protection actions undertaken by world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/d22a6decd9b147fd9040f793082b219b_0/about

### Appendix A: Questions

- Do we need to include the data references in both the dataset section and the reference section?

Commit message:

Change formatting and limitations text

docs/p01-proposal.md, after:

# The Human-Centered Consequences of Climate Change.

### Code Name - ClimateChange1

#### Authors:
Calvin Standaert - calvinst@uw.edu, Ian Paul - ianpaul@uw.edu, Zahra Firoz- zahraf@uw.edu, Thu La- tkl22@uw.edu

#### Affiliation:
INFO-201: Technical Foundations of Informatics - The Information School - University of Washington
#### Date
Autumn 2022
## Abstract
The main question we will be addressing is: ‘_how does climate change affect human health and activity_’. This is an important topic to us because we will experience the effects of climate change more than any generation. We are planning to answer this question by collecting information on climate change and using our skills with R to find meaningful data trends.

#### Keywords:
Climate Change, Human Health, Natural Disasters, Human Activity  
## Introduction
Our group has come together to present harsh data on the impacts that climate change has had and will have in the future on the world as we know it. The leading cause of climate change is human based activities that result in harm to the environment. Some examples of this are the burning of fossil fuels, deforestation, and more. We do so with the hopes that this data and the work that derives from it will cause a deeper understanding of why climate change is such an important topic, offer a basic education on what we can expect if we don’t make necessary changes, and work to knock down some of the false information that circulates the news cycle about climate change.

## Problem Domain

### Direct and Indirect Stakeholders:
The article from Cabral et al (2019) discusses how the increasing sea temperatures from climate change is one of the important factors in biodiversity loss. The text states, “The magnitude of human impacts has been higher in coastal zones compared to offshore areas, with climate change, fishing, and pollution being the most significant pressures”. The article does a good job of noting the consequences of human activities on coastal areas from overfishing to man-made pollution and their expected outcomes. This causes issues of suffocation, organisms being unable to reproduce, harmful algae blooms, and animal habitats being destroyed. Direct stakeholders of climate change's impact on coastal zones are fishermen, water-based organisms, and coastal-based communities. This important topic raises questions on human values, for instance, Is money more valuable than entire ecosystems and species? What is the real cost of human activities in today's world?  

Haines et al (2004) explained that the increase in temperatures means an increase in the occurrence of contracting diseases, noting that the spread of malaria can increase in areas with warmer climates. According to Padhy Et Al (2015), fluctuating climate increases the possibility of droughts and floods, which results in economic hardships for farmers, and can then lead to suicide. An increase in temperature also leads to agricultural and life-sustaining issues such as wildfires and droughts. Notable indirect stakeholders of climate change's increasing temperatures are humans contracting the disease at a higher rate, Agricultural societies and farmers who face loss of crops due to drought and wildfire, and lastly animals who lose habitat and resources because of these conditions.   

### Human Values:

Climate change contributes to a variety of ongoing issues in our economy, ecosystem, and health. Notable topics include increased natural disasters, air pollution, degradation of the environment, and mental health issues. The values we chose to prioritize in this project are human health and environmental impacts.  

### Potential Benefits and Harms:

Our datasets can be of beneficial use to the public offering the facts and effects of climate change, and hopefully resolving any misinformation. On the other hand, there might be consequences such as misusing data to exaggerate negative financial effects, greenwashing could create problems in areas where there were not any, and lastly, it is in human nature to be selfish and this information can cause a false sense of reassurance if certain powerful groups and countries feel that the possibility of these complications happening to them are low.



## Research Questions:
#### 1. How has human health been impacted as a result of the environmental shifts caused by climate change?

Answering this question is our overall goal. As a group that is focusing on climate change and understanding its impacts, human health is a top priority. After all, being selfish is in human nature, when we explain what we stand to lose in terms of health and well-being we hope this topic will resonate that much more with the audience.

#### 2. Which groups are most affected by the health risks posed by climate change?

A large issue that is often overlooked by people is the fact that climate change's most catastrophic effects impact the most vulnerable populations in the world, most of all less developed countries. It is often the countries that contribute the least to climate change and emit the least fossil fuels that are dealing with its worst impacts, such as health risks.

#### 3. How have the governments of those most affected by climate change health risks responded?

Government reaction and addressing of climate change is something we must take into account. Money is something that everyone understands, and in regard to climate change, this is no different. Preventative and conservative measures rely on funding, from building ocean walls to help with rising sea levels, to working on cars and factories that release fewer emissions, it is important to note how governments are choosing to tackle climate change and the health risks posed.

## The Dataset:
| File Name                                                           | Observation Count | Variable Count |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|----------------|
| 2021_Cities_Climate_Change_Impacts_on_Health_and_Health_Systems.csv | 1217              | 17             |
| 2022_Cities_Climate_Hazards.csv                                     | 3910              | 26             |
| Climate-related_Disasters_Frequency.csv                             | 968               | 52             |
| Environmental_Protection_Expenditures.csv                           | 1523              | 36             |

#### Data Relation to Problem Domain and Research Questions:

Our dataset is composed of data on the human health impacts of climate, climate-related disaster frequency, city climate hazards, and data on governmental expenditures on environmental protection and climate change action. This data is directly related to our problem domain of climate change and human health and will allow us to answer each of our three research questions. Specifically, the data we gathered on the reported effects of climate change on human health, the main climate hazards present in major cities, and our data on the frequency of climate-related disasters will enable us to answer our first research question which is concerned with what the main effects of climate change on human health are. In this case, we will use the frequencies of this data to compute the dominant effects. Next, by comparing the frequency and location of climate hazards, climate-related disasters, climate-related health impacts, and governmental expenditures on environmental protection we will be able to answer our second question on which groups are most affected by climate change health issues by finding the groups most represented across the different data files. Finally, after finding the groups most affected by climate change-related health issues, we will be able to compare the groups with governmental expenditures to determine how the governments of those most affected by climate change have responded to their citizens’ growing health issues.

#### Data Provenance:
Our data was mainly collected by two groups: the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) with help from the ICLEI – Local Governments for Sustainability. The data on climate-related health issues and climate-related health hazards were gathered by the CDP/ICLEI through voluntary response questionnaires sent to cities. The data on climate-related health issues was gathered in 2021, while the data on climate-related health hazards were gathered in 2022. For the CDP/ICLEI, the purpose of gathering such data is to track progress on climate change initiatives, provide a dataset for tracking capital opportunities, and allow cities to gather their own data to aid local decision-making.

The data we gathered on climate-related disaster frequency and governmental environmental protection expenditure history was gathered by the International Monetary Fund as part of their climate change indicators project. The data on climate change-related disasters was gathered through The Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT) and the Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED) at Université Catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain) in Belgium. The data on governmental environmental protection expenditures was gathered by the IMF’s statistics department. The purpose of gathering the data in both cases is to provide a link between climate change considerations and global economics.

Across all of our data, the groups most likely to benefit from the data are investors who can use the data to inform on future investment opportunities. With that being said, the data is also useful for cities and larger governmental organizations to make policy decisions in relation to climate health concerns.

Both the CDP and the IMF are well-known, reputable organizations that appear to be very trustworthy. We obtained the data directly from the CDP and IMF websites, where the data is openly available for download.


#### Data Sources:
This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability (2021). 2021 Cities Climate Change Impacts on Health and Health Systems. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2021-Cities-Climate-Change-Impacts-on-Health-and-H/ixst-39vn

This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability (2022). 2022 Cities Climate Hazards. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2022-Cities-Climate-Hazards/rdq4-d52n

The Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT), Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED) / Université Catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain), IMF (2021). Climate-related Disasters Frequency. A frequency count of various climate-related disasters in world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/b13b69ee0dde43a99c811f592af4e821_0/about

International Monetary Fund, Statistics Department (2021). Environmental Protection Expenditures. A distribution detailing the environmental protection actions undertaken by world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/d22a6decd9b147fd9040f793082b219b_0/about

## Expected Limitations
One of the most important outcomes that we hope to achieve from this project is to gain traction and spread information through hard facts about the need for immediate action with regard to climate change. A few of the envisioning cards that stood out to us while doing this research were 1; think of children, think of your future child or any kid, and what kind of planet you want them to grow up on. 2; Generational ripple, if we are selfish, who are we to teach the next generation not to be?  

Technologists and designers alongside climate change activists need to work together to produce while slowing down carbon emissions and greenhouse gasses, things like hybrid cars and greener energy are the future! Furthermore, policymakers should take this data into consideration when making decisions and laws regarding the future of their countries. What do we want to allow and what is a reasonable exchange, this is in regard to issues such as climate tax and banning the use of fuel-based cars.


## Limitations
The most pressing limitations we will likely encounter in our work and need to address are limitations with how accurate our conclusions can be due to the nature of some of the data and limitations with how much we can extrapolate our findings to reality. With the first limitation, we expect to make reasonably strong conclusions from our data analysis, but there is a major issue of whether or not the data we make that analysis on is complete. We suspect the data might be incomplete and not fully represent reality due to the hard-to-record nature of climate change health impacts, along with the relative imprecision of the data on the group effects of climate change health impacts. Thus, when we finally do our analysis, there is a chance that we will unable to fully capture which effects of climate change on health are predominant, and which groups are most affected by climate-related health issues.

A final limitation we believe we will possibly encounter is a limitation on the breadth/depth of our analysis due to limits on how much time we can dedicate to the project. Limitations based on allotment of time are a common occurrence in many projects and, with our project specifically, we believe that limits on how much time we can allot to the project may affect the depth and breadth of our analyses.

## References:
Cabral, H., Fonseca, V., Sousa, T., & Costa Leal, M. (2019, July 31). Synergistic effects of
climate change and marine pollution: An overlooked interaction in coastal and estuarine areas. MDPI. https://www.mdpi.com/1660-4601/16/15/2737/htm  

Haines, A., & Patz, J. A. (2004, January 7). Health Effects of Climate Change. JAMA.
https://jamanetwork-com.offcampus.lib.washington.edu/journals/jama/fullarticle/197911  

Padhy, S., Sarkar, S., Panigrahi, M., & Paul, S. (2015, April). Mental health effects of climate
change. Indian Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine (Vol. 19, Issue 1). https://go-gale-com.offcampus.lib.washington.edu/ps/i.do?p=HWRC&u=wash_main&id=GALE%7CA414370692&v=2.1&it=r  

Rocque, R. J., Beaudoin, C., Ndjaboue, R., Cameron, L., Poirier-Bergeron, L., Poulin-Rheault,
R.-A., Fallon, C., Tricco, A. C., & Witteman, H. O. (2021, June 1). Health effects of climate change: An overview of Systematic Reviews. BMJ Open. Retrieved from https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/11/6/e046333

**Data References:**  
This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability (2021). 2021 Cities Climate Change Impacts on Health and Health Systems. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2021-Cities-Climate-Change-Impacts-on-Health-and-H/ixst-39vn

This data was collected in partnership by CDP and ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability (2022). 2022 Cities Climate Hazards. City government questionnaire responses [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the CDP website: https://data.cdp.net/Climate-Hazards/2022-Cities-Climate-Hazards/rdq4-d52n

The Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT), Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED) / Université Catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain), IMF (2021). Climate-related Disasters Frequency. A frequency count of various climate-related disasters in world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/b13b69ee0dde43a99c811f592af4e821_0/about

International Monetary Fund, Statistics Department (2021). Environmental Protection Expenditures. A distribution detailing the environmental protection actions undertaken by world nations [Data file in tabular format]. Available from the IMF website: https://climatedata.imf.org/datasets/d22a6decd9b147fd9040f793082b219b_0/about

### Appendix A: Questions

- Do we need to include the data references in both the dataset section and the reference section?
